And now we're going to export
the table information that's
attached to the selected
sighting points for each
protected area.
In this video we'll go through
how to do this for Ziama.
So let's open up the attribute
table for the sighting points
occurring in just Ziama.
So it's our Ziama sightings
layer.
We'll right click open up the
attribute table for this layer
and we can see that when we
exported these selected points,
it also exported all of the
attribute information attached
to these points.
And so this is what we want to
export and give to Ziama
protected area.
So let's export this table.
So to do that, if we have the
table open, we can go into the
Table tab at the top of Arc Pro
here and we can click the Export
Table button.
That's here.
We could also do this by right
clicking on the data layer,
going into or hovering over the
data section that we normally go
into and then click Export Table
from there.
So our input table is our Ziama
sightings and we need to choose
where to save the exported table
into.
So we're going to save it into
the folder that we created for
the Ziama data.
So it's here, it's the Ziama PA
folder and we'll name it
Sightings Table Ziama.
And we also need to add the
suffix dot CSV to the end of
this file name so it saves it as
a CSV file which is a table
file.
So we need to make sure that we
write dot CSV then we can click
save and we can see this file
name in our output table.
So now we can hit OK and we can
see in our contents now that
this has exported the table.
So now we want to see into this
Ziama PA folder because we're
going to zip it up to send to
Ziama protected area.
So what we're going to do is
we're going to save our project
and we're going to exit it and
then we're going to go into our
computers File Explorer or
Finder application and we're
going to navigate to that Ziama
protected area folder.
So it's here for me and if we go
inside, we can see that we've
got our Hippogriff sightings
shapefile.
Hopefully you can remember that
a shape file is actually
multiple files.
And so all of these files make
up the sightings shapefile and
we have the
sightings_table_ziama.csv
document as well.
And so this is why we created a
new folder for these materials,
because we've got quite a few
files here.
And so the best practice for
sending GIS materials to people
is to put all the associated
files, material files within a
folder.
And now we can zip these up.
So we'll right click on this
folder, we're going to choose
send to a compressed zipped
folder and there we go.
It's going to zip up our
materials.
And now we could, if we wanted
to, e-mail this to the protected
area for example, we can easily
attach this zipped folder to the
e-mail and then the person who
receives the e-mail can unzip it
and work with it within their
GIS software.
So now have a go at doing the
same process for Wonegizi and
Wologizi and make sure that once
you have the tables within the
associated folder that you zip
up that folder.